[SG-796] Mobile getting started updates (#29)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/getting-started/clients/mobile/ios/index.mdx

For example: if you want to debug the **iOS.Autofill** extension, you would complete steps 1 - 3,
then go to your iOS device, open a browser, go to a login, tap the key icon and open Bitwarden from
the bottom popup.

### Using Server Tunneling

Instead of configuring your device or emulator to ignore SSL certificates, you can instead use a

> [proxy tunnel to you local server](../../../server/tunnel.md) and have your app connect to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[proxy tunnel to your local server](../../../server/tunnel.md) and have your app connect to it
```

> Instead of having to deal with configuration on your device or emulator, you can create a proxy
> tunnel to you local server using `ngrok` and have your app connect to it directly.
> ([More info in this server section](../../../server/tunnel.md#ngrok-requires-a-free-account))

Reviewer 2: Either of the ingress tunnels should work.

```suggestion
Instead of configuration your device or emulator to ignore SSL certificates, you can instead use a [proxy tunnel to you local server](../../../server/tunnel.md) and have your app connect to it directly.
```

Author: I'll change on the android as well.

### Push Notifications (Live Sync & Passwordless)

> Push notification are not currently available for debug deployments, only Testflight and production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push notifications are not currently available for debug deployments. They are only supported on TestFlight and production
```
